Add PennyLane-qiskit plugin to list of plugins (#137)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/index.rst

..

- *Large plugin ecosystem*.

>   Install plugins to run your computational circuits on more devices, including **Strawberry Fields**, **ProjectQ**, and **IBM Q**

Author: ```suggestion
  Install plugins to run your computational circuits on more devices, including **Strawberry Fields**, **ProjectQ**, and **Qiskit**
```
